adds gummykey (#19695)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/gummykey/readme.md

# GummyKey

> ![gummykey](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/102767971/215166168-12f08a78-ce6e-4368-9a70-0d4e8173b8e2.png)

Reviewer: This image should be rehosted on Imgur.

> a split keyboard i made
> 
> * Keyboard Maintainer: [Gummor](https://github.com/gumorr)
> * Hardware Supported: Pro Micro
> * Hardware Availability: [Github](https://github.com/gumorr/GummyKey)
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make gummykey:default
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Gummor](https://github.com/gumorr)
* Hardware Supported: Pro Micro
* Hardware Availability: [Github](https://github.com/gumorr/GummyKey)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make gummykey:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make gummykey:default:flash
    
```

# GummyKey

![gummykey](https://i.imgur.com/R6ffs2B.png)

> a split keyboard i made

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A 4x6+5 split keyboard.
```

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Gummor](https://github.com/gumorr)
* Hardware Supported: Pro Micro
* Hardware Availability: [Github](https://github.com/gumorr/GummyKey)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make gummykey:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

	make gummykey:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

> Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer 2: Missing <https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/blob/master/data/templates/keyboard/readme.md#bootloader> per template.

# GummyKey

> ![gummykey](https://i.imgur.com/R6ffs2B.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![gummykey](https://i.imgur.com/R6ffs2Bh.png)
```
